README.md, before:

#Created by Jesus Islam with MIT License

Dependencies : [lua-websockets](https://github.com/lipp/lua-websockets), [middleclass](https://github.com/kikito/middleclass)

##Installation

--------------------------------------

For now, just place it in your Lua modules directory.

Example:
`/usr/local/share/lua/5.1`

##Usage example

--------------------------------------

To create a simple websocket server with only one protocol named 'echo',
we could simply write this

    require 'WSock'

    local server = WSock:new(9999, 60000)

    local myproto = {
      echo = function (socket)
        socket:on_receive(function (socket, data)

          socket:write(math.random(999), server.socket.WRITE_TEXT)

        end)
      end
    }

    server:newProtocolHandler(myproto)

    server:start()

This server will listen at port 9999 on 127.0.0.1 or localhost, if you connect to it and send something, it would respond back with a random number ranged 1-999.


##A Little Documentation

-------------------------------------

####WSock:new(port, timeout)
`port` must be a number ranged 1-65535, while `timeout` must be a number too in miliseconds

####WSock:newProtocolHandler(protocol, handler)
`protocol` must be a string, while handler must be a function with a single argument to be used as new websocket instance.
For further information about available methods for websocket instance, see [here.](https://github.com/lipp/lua-websockets#websocket-methods)

####WSock:newProtocolHandler(protocolHandlerTable)
Same as above, but instead wrap the protocol and handler in a single table. For example:

    local myproto = {
      echo = function (socket)
        socket:on_receive(function (socket, data)

          socket:write(math.random(999), server.socket.WRITE_TEXT)

        end)
      end
    }

####WSock:start()
You need to run it after you've done with the configuration.

Commit message:

Fix the uid and guid, also readme

README.md, after:

#Created by Jesus Islam with MIT License

Dependencies : [lua-websockets](https://github.com/lipp/lua-websockets), [middleclass](https://github.com/kikito/middleclass)

##Installation

--------------------------------------

For now, just place it in your Lua modules directory.

Example:
`/usr/local/share/lua/5.1`

##Usage example

--------------------------------------

To create a simple websocket server with only one protocol named 'echo',
we could simply write this

    require 'WSock'

    local server = WSock:new(9999, 60000)

    local myproto = {
      echo = function (socket)
        socket:on_receive(function (socket, data)

          socket:write(math.random(999), server.socket.WRITE_TEXT)

        end)
      end
    }

    server:newProtocolHandler(myproto)

    server:start()

This server will listen at port 9999 on 127.0.0.1 or localhost, if you connect to it and send something, it would respond back with a random number ranged 1-999.


##A Little Documentation

-------------------------------------

####WSock:new(port, timeout)
`port` must be a number ranged 1-65535, while `timeout` must be a number too in miliseconds

####WSock:newProtocolHandler(protocol, handler)
`protocol` must be a string, while handler must be a function with a single parameter to be used as new websocket instance.
For further information about available methods for websocket instance, see [here.](https://github.com/lipp/lua-websockets#websocket-methods)

####WSock:newProtocolHandler(protocolHandlerTable)
Same as above, but instead wrap the protocol and handler in a single table. For example:

    local myproto = {
      echo = function (socket)
        socket:on_receive(function (socket, data)

          socket:write(math.random(999), server.socket.WRITE_TEXT)

        end)
      end
    }

####WSock:httpHandler(handler)
`handler` must be a function with a single parameter to be used as new websocket instance, it basically looks like this:

    function (socket)
      socket:serve_http_file('./some.html','text/html')
    end

####WSock:ssl(cert, privKey)
Both `cert` and `privKey` must be strings to the certificate and private key file path.

####WSock:ssl(uid, guid)
Both `uid` and `guid` must be number of user id and group id.

####WSock:start()
You need to run it after you've done with the configuration.
